# Minutes from Inaugural Committee Meeting - 2026-01-30
## Attendees
-	Peter Jackson (facilitator)
-	Austin Creighton
-	Chris Novak
-	Jason Dely
-	Martin Turgeon
-	Marc-Étienne (Marc) Bergeron
-	Maxime (Max) Boutin
-	Renny Kochubaby

## Apologies
-	Adel Mina
-	Antoine Dresch
-	Denrich Sananda
-	Jonathan Corriveau
-	Matin Foomani
-	Philippe Lafontaine
-	Yehuda Yancu

## Key Points
0.0	Context: formation of practitioner-focused Eastern Canada ICS/OT cyber community operating under Chatham House Rule / TLP, non-sales, experience-sharing.

1.0	Introductions: Round the room introductions by attendees to the inaugural committee meeting

2.0	Background: Using the New Zealand ICS Cyber Technical Network as a model, industry-led, repeatable, and focused on maturity-building.

3.0	Open Discussion: Broad free-flowing discussion on approach, thoughts, expectations, etc. Some special topics as below

3.1	French-Canadian: Need to appropriately cater to French-speaking membership, including:

  >> Bilingual core documentation (flyer, form, etc.)
  
  >> Aim for a French-speaking presentation ~1/4 forum
  
  >> Explicitly support/endorse live translation tools 	
  
4.0	Key Formalization Decisions discussed.

4.1	Nominal format: 1-hour sessions (~30 min presentation + ~30 min discussion), every 4–8 weeks.

4.2	Inaugural committee: All attendees on the call indicated willingness to continue as committee members.

  >> Those who missed this meeting are still welcome to join as nominal members
  
4.3	Committee: committee members to attend ~quarterly meetings and support at least one 2026 session (present or find a presenter) if possible.	

5.0	AOB

5.1	Need for clear speaker guidelines and a simple selection/vetting process to keep talks practitioner-focused and non-commercial.	

5.2	Proposed first community session speaker: Dawn from Manitoba Hydro

5.3	Next committee meeting to be scheduled around the same timeframe - no concerns noted on the call	

## Action Items
i. Max to translate flyer and form (Martin to support)

ii. All committee members to consider presenting and/or coming up with a presenter during 2026 if possible

iii. Peter to draft speaker guidelines and checklist for review by committee

iv. Peter to confirm Dawn’s availability for 20 Mar 13:00 ET (placeholder)

v. Peter to send next committee meeting invite for 20 Feb 13:00 ET (actual)
