# Minutes from Committee Meeting - 2026-02-20
## Attendees
-	Peter Jackson (facilitator)
-	Antoine Dresch
-	Denrich Sananda
-	Martin Turgeon
-	Marc-Étienne (Marc) Bergeron
-	Maxime (Max) Boutin
-	Yehuda Yancu

## Apologies
-	Adel Mina
-	Austin Creighton
-	Chris Novak
-	Jason Dely
-	Jonathan Corriveau
-	Matin Foomani
-	Philippe Lafontaine
-	Renny Kochubaby


## Key Points
0.0	Context: management of Eastern Canada ICS/OT cyber community operating under Chatham House Rule / TLP, non-sales, experience-sharing.

1.0	Introductions: Round the room, new intros from new members, re-intros from existing (second committee meeting)

2.0	Previous Minutes/Actions: Ref [20260130 Committee Minutes](../main/committee/202601/20260130%20Committee%20Minutes.md)

- IN PROGRESS: i. Max to translate flyer and form (Martin to support)... Flyer translation to FR-CA in progress...

- IN PROGRESS: ii. All committee members to consider presenting and/or coming up with a presenter during 2026 if possible... further discussion as below

- DONE: iii. Peter to draft speaker guidelines and checklist for review by the committee. Ref: [guidelines_EN](../main/speaker/guidelines_EN.md) and [guidelines_FR_CA](../main/speaker/guidelines_FR_CA.md) 

- DONE: iv. Peter to confirm Dawn’s availability for 20 Mar 13:00 ET (placeholder)

- DONE v. Peter to send next committee meeting invite for 20 Feb 13:00 ET (actual)

3.0	Planning/Logistics for March forum
  - Committee should forward invite to like-minded practitioners - Eastern Canadian, ICS/OT cyber stakeholders
  - Teams link should not be shared publicly - share TLP: Green within the community only (inc. invite forward)
  - LinkedIn and other posts welcome - 'we're having a call, message me for more info, etc...'
  
4.0	Open Discussion/Planning

4.1	Future presentations
- Max to reach out to CCCS contacts, including Jean Philip to (a) attend the March forum and (b) consider presenting on behalf of CCCS
- Marc has community contacts who can present, including (a) himself (b) others from Jacobs, and (c) others from ISA Montreal
- Martin indicated a willingness to present in ~summer: a case study on enabling security features on RTUs
- Intention or first ~3 presenters to be from owner/operator orgs as community is established (to build trust)

4.2	Committee: Three new members in attendance at the committee agreed to continue in committee roles
- Committee members to attend ~quarterly meetings and support at least one 2026 session (present or find a presenter) if possible.
- Peter to liaise directly with 4 other nominal committee members who have been unable to attend the first two meetings 

5.0	AOB

5.1	Next committee meeting not yet scheduled (likely early April 2026)	

## Action Items
i. Max to translate flyer (Martin to support)

ii. All committee members to consider presenting and/or coming up with a presenter during 2026 if possible

iii. Peter to send a forum invite to all users who have registered interest using the form

iv. All committee members to share the invite with relevant community members

v. Peter to send next committee meeting invite (date tbc - nominally early April)

vi. Peter to liaise directly with the nominal committee members who have been unable to attend the first two meetings 

vii. Peter to consider how to manage a register for the committee to review potential presenters for future community forums
